With the current assignment we are anlyzing data from Pyber, a car ride-sharing service.

With our first graph, we make a scatter plot showing the relationship between the total number of rides and average fare, in a urban, suburban, or rural 
city environment. Each dot in the graph represents a specific city, and its circle size directly relates to how many drivers are there per city. With this scatter plot we can 
appreciate several trends: First, there is an inverse correlation between the number of drivers and the average fare: the lower the number of drivers the higher
the average fare is (showing a relationship between supply and demand; however, this relationship could also be attributed to total distance traveled since urban 
passengers might travel for longer distances, information that we don't get with our dataset.) We can also see that there are overall less drivers in rural places; 
and as population density increases, there is an increase in total number of drivers per city (circle size). Lastly, there are few ouliers, which we can't understand with
our current data set, but would be interesting to analyze with additional information to why they are outliers (ie. total_distance_traveled/ride).

Next, we make three pie charts comparing the overall distribution of urban, suburban, and rural cities for: a) percent of total fares, b) total rides by city type, and c) 
total drivers by city type. With these pie charts we can appreciate that urban and suburban city types take 93% or more of total fares (68% for Urban and 26% for suburban 
city types) and total rides. However, the piechart providing the percentage of total drivers show that 81% of drivers reside in urban environments. I interpret this data 
as suburban  drivers obtaining a higher percentage of total fares and total rides, with comparably less drivers than urban environments. I would have also liked to see
in this data set the average number of hours put by each driver in urban, suburban and rural city types.